add locking to the doc of wopi app (#2361)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/enterprise/collaboration/msoffice-wopi-integration.adoc

In the example above, only users in the `admin` group would be able to access Microsoft Office Online.

NOTE: If the key is not defined, then all users have access to WOPI.

== Locking the document

If you open a document with Microsoft Office Online in ownCloud, then it makes use of the WebDAV file locking functionality, which we have in the server. 
The idea is to lock the file so other users, who have access, can't make changes to the document, while you're editing it. 

In other words: the feature ensures that you are the "master editor", your changes will always be the "master state". 
Other users can make changes, e.g., with the desktop client, but those will create conflict files for them which can be resolved afterwards.

> When you close the document, Microsoft Office Office Online also has a feature to unlock the file again so it can be edited by others again as you are done with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you close the document, Microsoft Office Office Online will unlock the file so it can be edited by others.
```
I suggest a shorter sentence here. It is supposed to "just work".

Reviewer: Is it "Microsoft Office Office Online" or just "Microsoft Office Online"?

Author: :D good catch :)

Author: fixed
